OSF Parameter settings for Dummies - notes from a Newbie

The parameter setting concept is confusing at first.
Things to mention:
- The setting is done by hijacking the "lights" key.
- The key works one-way only, from the display to the controller, and after initiating the settings mode by switching on, the controller only cares for status changes.
- Any setting is binary, and most of the time it is a toggle: disable to enable of vice versa; so there is e.g. no adjustment of a speed limit from 25 to 30 or something.
- Do not get confused if the display reacts with dimming on the lights-key action (depends on the display and the setting), especially that "lights on" means "display dim", rather understand it as a action confirmation.

How it works (concept idea)
Imagine you go to your dentist (switch light on). 
You sit in the chair, having your moth full of eqipment and the only thing you can say is "mmmh" (light toggle).
Then the dentist (controller) tells you: You know last time I treated you like so?
You: mmmh
Dentist: Now there is a new treatment: Do you accept or reject it (and get the old one)?
Now how do you answer? You know that the dentist's time is limited so the protocol is like so:
You wait till the dentist times out (no mmmh) - means you accept
You mmmh before the timeout - means you reject
After an (any) accept the procedure ends, but upon a reject the dentist keeps asking up to 2 more questions giving you a new choice.
That's it

As with any dentist 2 more rules apply:
- The offer is fixed
- No matter if you like or don't like the procedure - you have to live with it :-)


If you compile the code yourself, I recommend these settings until you are familiar with it:
advanced - time to menu items: 100 - this gives you more time (10s) to react before the controller times out (see below); can be larger than 60 as indicated in the tool
advanced - number of data displayed at lights on: 1
advanced - data 1: 1
advanced - time to displayed data 1: 10
the latter 3 settings make the battery level appear for 1s, when configuration exits; so when you see e.g. 99 (%) when battery is full, you know you are no longer in config mode


